# HW1 Q&A

Here are some commonly asked questions about HW1. They may be helpful for you to understand the homework assignment.

1.	The slides of HW1 walkthrough has been uploaded to e3. Noticed that the slides are just for helping you understand the spec of this homework. Please read [SPEC.md](https://github.com/hungys/NCTU_OS_2015_HW2/blob/master/SPEC.md) for more information, including requirements and hints.
2.	Because the APIs including `fork()` and `pipe()` are provided by Unix system, the sample program in Part A **CANNOT** be compiled and run in Windows environment. Please use the Linux workstation provided by CSCC or your own Ubuntu VM to do this homework.
3.	*mysh* should be able to run any program, but not limited to `cd`, `ls` and `cat`. In Unix system, built-in programs such as `ls` and `cat` are generally put in `/bin/` directory. Because the **environment variable PATH** contains this path, the shell is able to locate these programs then execute them. Unix provides a set of `exec()` APIs to let you execute programs, and some of the implementation such as `execvp()` mentioned during the walkthrough session, can automatically deal with such cases, so you don’t need to check manually if the program exists in the directories listed in PATH.
4.	You don’t need to handle the case such as a command with quotation mark (“ “). To simplify the implementation of parser, you can suppose all the arguments are separated by **blank spaces**.
5.	Some of students are not familiar with **file descriptor**. Basically Unix regards most of things as files, including stdin and stdout. Each process maintains a **file descriptor table**, by default 0 for `stdin`, 1 for `stdout`, and 2 for `stderr`. When you open a file by `open()`, the system will generate a descriptor for further use. As for `pipe()` mentioned during the walkthrough session, it also return a set of file descriptors. If you duplicate it and overwrite stdout, the `printf()` function won’t print to terminal at all, but write to pipe you created.
6.	We won’t provide test case for this homework. Since *mysh* should be able to run any program, you can write some simple programs to test your shell. TA also provides some simple program for you, please check the test_prog directory on GitHub repository.
7.	Some of students have no idea about how to do this homework, so TA now provides a reference architecture for you to figure out how to get started. If you are able to design your own shell, just ignore this file.